# B-Cell-Epitope-Prediction-of-Antigen-Protein-of-SARS

Due to the one-and-a-half-year epidemic, global vaccine research and development attracts the attention of each country. Different methods for developing vaccines have been tested in these few years. However, all the vaccines aim are to make the human body produces antigen-specific antibodies. Then how to find out the antigen becomes the most significant part. The subregion of antigen proteins is called epitope regions, which helps B-cell inducing antigen-specific immune responses in vivo. By recognizing the epitope regions of antigen proteins – the part of an antigen molecule to which antibody attaches itself, they produce large amounts of antigen-specific antibodies that inhibit antigen protein function.

Therefore, the computer-based automated prediction of epitope regions is extremely beneficial for developing vaccines to induce antigen-specific antibody production. It is currently one of the key research topics in vaccine development that will be widely useful for future medical data analysis. In conventional, the method to predict epitope cost huge labor, money, and time, like conducting three-dimensional structures and analyzing the antigen by X-ray or nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy and focused only on the target sequence in the amino acid sequences of an entire antigen protein and have not thoroughly considered its sequence and features as a whole.

In this report, we will show several prediction methods of how to predict B-cell epitope and SARS to consider the characteristics of a whole antigen protein in addition to the target sequence, using Logistic Regression, KNN, Decision Tree, and SVM. We use CNN to apply the deep learning method for feature engineering. In addition, we will also show a deep learning method based on short-term memory with an attention mechanism and compare the accuracies and results of each model.
